From hanselminutes.com. It's Hansel minutes,
a weekly discussion with web
developer and technologist Scott Hanselman.
This is Lawrence Ryan announcing show
number two 71 recorded live
Thursday, June 16th, 2011. Support for Hanselman.
This is provided by Telerik
rad controls, the most comprehensive
suite of components for windows
forms and asp.net web applications
online@wwwdottelerik.com. In this episode, Scott
talks with open source developer,
Frederick Holmstrom about iron JS.
Hi, this is Scott Hanselman.
This is another episode of
Hansel minutes. And today we're
talking actually to Frederick Holmstrom,
who is actually in Gotham,
Berg, Sweden. He works on
iron J S it's an
open source project and it's
an implementation of JavaScript, but
it's written in.net. Thanks for
taking the time to chat
with me. So, so you
ha this is a complete
implementation of JavaScript, is that
correct? Yeah, that's correct. As
closely as possible as follows
the ECMAScript sophistication to the
letter, a full implementation now.
So, so I could use
the, would I use this
to power a browser, or
would I use this as
a scripting language? Why, why
does something like this exist?
I mean, I built it
originally because was, was going
to be a little story.
I was building my own,
like, you know, the whole
no SQL database train or
the, I got on that.
So I was working to
build my own database. I
needed a sort of like
acquire language. I began in
the completely wrong end of,
I started with the querying
and then African space for
some reason. So I was
playing around with that and
I wanted to acquire language
and I was, I've been
looking at couch DB and
a couple of other, and,
you know, it's the whole
Jason JavaScript pretty much everywhere.
And so I decided that
I'd use JavaScript as a
credit language. So I was
looking around and I found
the J script and Jenna,
which is sort of that's
available in, I think.net 3.5,
but I think they cut
it into four point, Oh,
I'm not quite sure, but
it wasn't up to the
task and it's quite slow.
So I decided to write
my own. It turns out
that writing R and D
was a lot more fun
than writing database. Sorry. So
I scrapped the database product
and started working on it.
I'm Jay's full time. That's
excluding my motivation, my original
motivation for building it. At
least You say full time,
is this something you do
as your job? Or is
this like your full time
hobby? A full time hobby?
Yeah, no, I wish I
could do that's a job,
but subtly not Was, was
there already an iron something?
I mean, is there, do
you have to ask somebody
to become an iron or
something? Cause there's iron Python
and there's iron Ruby, or
it just that you were
the first that decided that
you would be built on
the, on the DLR. So
that name made sense. Well,
I think there is, there
was, there was one other
version using the DLR a
while back. There's a couple
of other also available botnets,
but they're not using the
DLR, but I mean, the
name R and J is
for me, it seemed obvious,
sorry. I was looking around
on the internet. See, I
mean, it was free, so
I decided to take it
and complain. So What kind
of things would someone use
this for? I mean, what
would the, what would the
listeners say? Oh, great. There's
a JavaScript for.net. I can
use it to do this.
Like for example, like my
original motivation for building in
was that I needed a
acquire language for an application.
I mean, you can basically,
I mean, anything you'd need
to script or like, have
you use this, be able
to script your application or
stuff like that. You could
use this and hook it
into your, whatever you have
running it, like a wind
farm. So WPF app or
something, or like a game
or a, if you want
to, I mean, everyone knows
about the Monet yesterday and
like the whole, like, if
you would want to build
something like that, you could
do that also. So, I
mean, you could apply it
basically anywhere. You'd want a
programming language that you can
control the environment off. I
bet you bring up an
interesting question there. The idea
of, of no JS. Do
you think that that Microsoft
and the Microsoft to kind
of open source ecosystem needs
and implementation of node or,
or maybe not node, but
some kind of JavaScript on
the server? I have to
say no, because like I
personally, like I liked JavaScript
as a language and I
mean, it's, it's an okay
language, but I'm personally not
convinced of the, of how
valid it is having it
run on server, just because,
I mean, the Microsoft ecosystem
is so, I mean, it's
huge. I mean, you have
a C sharp F sharp
and like everything there and
they pretty much cover everything
you could possibly do with
JavaScript. I mean, yes. I
mean, the language is in
the same and it looks
a bit different, but like
in general, like everything you
could possibly hope to do
or to access in one
way or the other through
the.net framework or Microsoft ecosystem.
So I personally, I'm not
convinced that a building like
no js.net on R and
D is for example, is
the right way to go
about it. I'd rather see
something like a C sharp
version or a F sharp
version using async workflows from
F sharp or something like
that for building a synchronous
services and stuff, instead of
focusing on the JavaScript part
of it. So that's really
interesting because I assume that
as someone who is writing
a compiler effectively, you know,
mean a partial on Alexa
and all of this stuff,
you're doing a lot of
work where you now probably
understand the JavaScript language a
lot more than most people.
I think it'd be fair
to say, right? If you
implement a language, it tends
to get you deep into
the language. So I find
it interesting that someone who
knows the language so well
says that, you know, we
really don't need that language
on the service side. I
think that's kind of interesting.
I mean, like, of course
I would like, I mean,
Oh yeah. I would love
someone to build the JS
or that with R and
J, but I mean, you
also have to be like
realistic. And I mean, I
personally, I'm not believing, I'm
not convinced that that's a
good way to go, because
for example, like F sharp
and my favorite language, if
you take F sharp it's,
I mean, it's so much
more well suited to doing
what no JS does then
what no JS is a
JavaScript, that's all languages. I
mean, like how clean the
code gets and everything. Like,
I don't, I, I mean,
I like the idea of
no JS, but I don't
like the language itself in
that context, because it becomes
awkward and you have to
do the manual. What's it
called? The CPS continuing passing
continuation passing. Sorry, manually basically.
And it's, it's, I'm not
convinced. Interesting. So, so what
kind of things is JavaScript
suited for? I mean, do
you think it's just a,
an interesting language for dominant
violation and that's about it.
I mean, in the browser,
obviously it has, has its
place in the browser. There's
been a lot of talk
about it would be possible.
I mean, you have like
copy script and stuff like
that. That's compiling down to
JavaScript nowadays. And there's a
mother, a couple of small
languages that does the same
thing, but JavaScript as a
language, I think, I don't
know, like, honestly, and this
is kind of an awkward
coming from within this building,
JavaScript runtime, but I mean,
I'm not convinced that how
the language like it's personal
it's, I mean, it's hard
to express where, like, it's
a, I mean, it has
a broad, like, what do
you want to call it
in English? Like, say like
it's available everywhere. Like on
all the browsers, all platforms
itself, it's not hold any
major merit in my point
of view, especially after building
an, a, an implementation of
it, you, you know, all
the idiosyncrasies and all the
weird, excuse me, stupid stuff
in it. That's, that's, that's
very interesting because I think
that the, the ubiquity, right,
the fact that it's available
everywhere is, is certainly it's
it's strength, but it's one
of those things where it's
available everywhere, but it's also
insane, but we tolerate it.
And lately I've been seeing
a lot of talks, a
lot of presentations with people
saying, yeah, JavaScript is great.
JavaScript is fun. And here's
the totally weird stuff where,
you know, no is equal
to false or whatever kind
of weird stuff that people
are coming up, whatever, weird
language design things that happened
organically, that people bring up
and then they kind of
laugh about it. But again,
then they say, well, but
it's available everywhere. So these
are funny, you know, it's
kind of like crazy uncle,
you know, JavaScript is that
crazy uncle that we all
have, but we have to
clean up. He's our uncle,
what are we going to
do? He's always there. Yeah.
I mean, like I said,
like, and then you have
like the whole, like, I'm
not going to start bashing
jobs through too much, but
a major part for me,
a major part of the
problem for me. I mean,
you have all the, either
syncretism, all the really weird
stuff like, you know, is
true and stuff like that.
And, but a big part
for me is that there
is no way to organize
your code in JavaScript. There's
no built in the language.
There's no module system, there's
no name spacing, no nothing.
It's just global free for
all, basically. And this, which
is the major problem for
me, at least coming from
like C sharp, sharp, or
even Python or Ruby, there's
some kind of organizational scheme
in place there, telescope. There's
just like, you have the
global object, which people can
do whatever they want to.
That's not a model. That's
at least for me, it's,
it's not something that could
like if you're going to
build something huge and complex,
it's not good enough. What,
what do you think about
the other languages? The other
ironed languages, not about the
languages themselves, iron Ruby, and
iron Python, but the, the
fact that they exist and
what the community support around
them is. I mean, I
think it's great. And I
mean, personally, like the way
I learned, I mean, if
you're just looking from my
point of view, the way
I learned to DLR was
basically reading the Iram Python
source code top to bottom
pretty much. And I mean,
I think it's great. And
also you have the J
band, I think it's called,
the one that runs
on the JVM for Python.
I mean, they push, I
mean, they push the boundaries
of those languages in terms
of like, for example, you
can get threading in a
J Ruby and iron Ruby
and et cetera. So I
think, I think it's a
good for the language and
the community as a whole
to have those other implementations
available, even though they might
not be like, become the
canonical one or that they
ever will. But it's, So
you're saying that just because
the fact that they're not
perfect implementations, that the fact
that they exist still is
important. Yeah. It sounds like,
I mean, how many I
read a thread on Reddit
a couple of days back,
like there just like, I
don't know how many people
suppose compilers people are saying,
like, why don't we just
have one of them or
one of those, like one
that's the best, but the
problem is like, that's not
really something you can apply
and what's best, it's different
for different types of people.
Like if you're gonna use
Python or Ruby and you
actually need threading, like you
have to have it, then
you can run iron Python,
orange, I thumb, and you'll
actually have a real threading
threading instead of the sort
of half big green threads
or whatever it's called. It's
called on the Rubion stuff
like that. So, I mean,
it's, I think it's good
for the language as a
whole. Yeah. Have you, have
you worked the other iron
fo the other iron people,
the other iron folks and
talked about the DLR or
found any issues in the
DLR itself? The DLR of
course being the, the dynamic
language runtime. Yeah. I mean,
especially the, through the DLR
forums on the.covid.com. I got
into contact with a couple
of people who, who built
the DLR bill Childs, for
example, helped a law, especially
in their earliest stages of
building R and J S
back in say, this is
January, 2010. So about a year
and a half ago, there's
pretty much no documentation available
for the DLR, except for
a demo like demo language
and a, an a, like
a technical specifications. Like what
do, what do you want
to call it? And, and
then when you actually starting
to build something, there's a
million questions, and those guys
really helped me out. They
know who they are. What
is the difference between the,
is there like a DLR
that's inside of a.net that
ships with that net, and
then there's ongoing work? Or
did you just use the
one that came and done
it for, I mean, I
would use uses the ones
I use is one that
came and done at four,
but if you want to
run  3.5 or 3.0
or 2.0, you have to
use the one that's available
from a code Plex and
compile it, or these chips
with all the DLLs and
everything. So, but the main,
I mean, the main, the
main branch is targeted for
4.0, and that's where we
do all the bulk of
our development. And then we
backward, whatever we need to
make it run on a
2.0 to 3.5 or so
without that requires the, the
extra dealer DLLs you get
from a Plex basically. And
does that, so that means
that you have a newer
version of the DLR. If
I want to implement iron
JS in my application. Well,
if you're using 4.0, it's
going to be the deal
art, a chip with 4.0,
but if you're using 3.5,
3.0 or 2.0, it's going
to be the ideal out
of all our available whenever
we grabbed them the last
time, basically. Okay. So then
I guess my kind of
my question, which is probably
more subtle than I wanted
it to be was there's
nothing blocking in the DLR
implementation that shipped with fora.
There's nothing, there's no bug,
that's so awful that you
couldn't do. Oh, no, absolutely
not. I mean, it's built,
it's targeted at the DLR
and 4.0, and that's what
we were working at. Then
there, I mean, there's been,
I think there was one
issue where there was a
feature that had changed or
something that we had to
patch it and fix, but
in general, it's working flawlessly.
Very cool. Very cool. That's
comforting. How much, whenever I
hear about someone writing a
language implementation, I always get
back to, like, when we
did this in computer science,
did you, did you go
to university and, and implement
parsers and lectures and things?
No, I am one of
those. Like, what do you
want to call? Like, like,
I, I barely finished high
school pretty much. And then
I've been programming since I
was like 10, 11 or
something. And I know around
five, six, seven years ago,
I started reading about implementing
languages. And then, I mean,
I learned it as I
went along, building a little
DSL here or building a
little parts of it that
are, you know, like small
stuff. And then it all
culminated in and JS. I
think, I think that the
word for that is a
natural thing. If you're writing
your own language implementation and
you haven't gone to a
university, you're a natural, what,
what, what did, what did
you have to do as
far as like computer science
research? I guess I want
to understand that I always
thought of it as being
an extremely complicated thing. You
know, I remember when I
was doing this in college,
it always seemed like the
most impressive thing. You know,
people dragging buttons around and
making UIs was, was interesting,
but, you know, it was
always the, either the guy
working on the kernel, you
know, doing something low level,
like a driver or it's
the person who's implementing their
own language that really always
blew, blew my mind. Did
you have to do any
research on the correct structure
that kind of the classic
science behind, you know, building
an abstract syntax tree? Or
did you just look to
the existing implementations for your
help? I mean, I don't
know how many books I
read in total. I think
it's about six or seven
books. Like, you know, like,
like tomes basically on everything
from like mixing parsing and
like compiling, implementation, stuff like
that. I think. Yeah. I
think I've read about seven
books in total. And it's
funny that you say that
in like, in the university
of college, like, cause I
was a complete opposite. Like
whenever, whenever, whenever anyone wanted
us to sort of like,
you know, be like you
or I, or build this
or that it's like, it's
boring. I prefer the, like
the lower level of stuff
that like just the black
and white, like there's no
UI, no nothing. This is
like a console output and
that's it that's So that's
just, that's that's what you
just dig. That's your built
in that way? Yeah. I
mean, that's, that's, that's what
I prefer to work with.
Like no graphics or anything,
just like a console UI,
like building libraries and languages
and stuff like that. This
episode of Hansel minutes is
brought to you by careers.
2.0 careers, 2.0 is a
new service by our friends
at stack overflow. You're probably
all familiar with stack overflow,
the online Q and a
resource dedicated specifically to programmers
and programming related topics. Well,
the team at stack overflow
created careers 2.0 to provide
you with access to great
jobs and introduce you to
a bunch of great companies
that you might consider working
for, even if you're not
currently looking for a job,
think of careers. 2.0 is
a program profile gives you
a platform to show that
you're awesome by featuring your
proudest contributions to stack overflow
GitHub SourceForge Bitbucket, anything programming
related, you can even add
your favorite programming books from
amazon.com profiles on careers. 2.0
are free. They're easy to
get started, especially by importing
your LinkedIn profile. However, there's
one catch profiles and career
2.0 or invite only they
did this to keep out
the spam and have a
high quality environment. Fortunately for
you as a Hansel minutes
listener, I've got your back
head on over to careers
dot stack overflow.com/h M to
accept your invitation today, once
again, that's careers dot stack,
overflow.com/hm. I hope you like
it. The, can you walk
us a little bit through
the structure? Like what's actually
involved in this, you know,
you have a text file
with like food dot JS.
Do you have to do
the parsing? What is available
to you as a, as
a language service? You know,
what are you doing? What
do they do, I guess
is my question. If you
start, You mean what the
DLR does and what I
do? Yeah. All the way
from the point where someone
opens this file up and
starts looking at the bite
by bite. How does that
process work? I mean, basically
the first thing I do
is you read the file
and into R and D
it's reads the file into
its compiler. There's a little
extra cause basically splits the
file off into tokens, becomes
a, it's called a stream
of tokens or stream of
vaccines, basically just keywords and
numbers. And you know, like
the building blocks basically there's
no pattern or in Texas.
Yeah. Just like the building
blocks lined up. Did you
have to write the parser?
Yeah. That's that's the handwritten
and Sharpie on pretty much
everything RNJ is, does is
handwritten and sharp. There's no
like outage auto-generated and stuff.
So I wanna make sure
that people understood this because
I just, my mind was
just blown. Most of iron
JS is actually written in
F sharp. Not C-sharp correct.
Yeah. Pretty much. Well there's
only, I mean, the units
has some stuff written in
C sharp, but everything's within
an F sharp. Yes. Wow.
That's go ahead. And do
you think F sharp is
going a little bit of
a tangent, but F sharp
is well suited for doing
this kind of work for
language work? Yeah. I mean,
that's the reason I picked
up sharp. First of all,
I wanted to learn the
language. I mean, I've dabbled
in F sharp before I
started and is, but I
hadn't actually built anything major
in it, but I mean,
functional programming and what I've
learned, I learned over the
year and a half or
two years, I've been working
on this. It's like F
sharp is made for these
types of problems. It's, it's
just, it's perfect. The only
word I have actually. So
building trees, parsing stuff, doing
it in a kind of
a mathematically and very tight
way. This is what I've
sharps tend to be done.
Yeah. And especially like the
amount of it, like how
few lines of code you
end up with like all
of our NJS it's about
nine and a half thousand
lines of code, which is
not a lot. Yeah. I
mean, there is it's of
course, very dense and tears,
but compared to I had
one version in C sharp
that's I think it was
around 30,000 lines, which wasn't
even complete. So I love
the language. It's awesome. Wow.
That seems nine, nine and
a half thousand lines for
the whole thing. And did
it start out that small
and stay small? Or is
it one of those things
where it started out big
and you started yanking stuff
out and you, No, it's
been a, it's been growing
basically as we add more
features. I mean, for a
while we were hovering around
like 6,000 lines or a
couple of months, but then
we added all like the
native, like the built in
JavaScript objects and stuff. And
those take up a lot
of like line space because
there's a lot of where
stuff, well, if you know,
JavaScript, you know what I
mean? There's a lot of
weird methods and weird stuff
you need to account for
in the built in functions
and objects. Those took about
two and a half, 3000
lines, Slick, slick. Okay. So
then this becomes a, you
parse it into tokens and
then the token turns into
an abstract syntax tree. Is
that tree structure provided by
the DLR, or is that
something you have to build?
That's a two structure built
in, if sharp, you could
potentially, you could go directly
to the DLR, like expression
tree, but there's, I want
to do a lot of
optimizations and stuff that can
be done on the expression
trees. So I first build
a like iron JSS, own
syntax tree or aspects index
tree type. So the tree
of that, and then I
do a lot of optimizations
on that. And then I
compared it to a DLR
three, and then I asked
DLR to compile it and
then gives me the all,
and I'm not going to
compile the delegates back that
you can invoke. Okay. So,
so there's the interesting part
there. The, the, the handoff,
what services did the DLR
provide to you once you'd
done the hard work of
parsing the language and understanding
the language? I mean, basically,
so if I back up
a bit, what I will
have, like after I've read
the file and I personally
into an app six abstract
syntax tree, and I'm done
with optimizations, I'll have a
syntax tree that is not
the large specific, RNJ a
specific, then I run into
what is called the compiler
internally in R and J
is, which is what takes
the syntax tree in our
latest form and converts it
to this expression tree, which
is exactly the same month
that you get with Lincoln
stuff in C sharp. And
that's basically what the dealer
provides for me. So I
turn it into these expression,
which I then call con
dot compiled on the top.
Most one of the outer
one, which turns it into
the aisle dynamically and in
a dynamic assembly and done
that 4.2 gives me like
a delegate back or yeah,
One of the things that
people had said would always
be difficult for the whole
iron class of languages was
the idea that, that th
th the DLR is ultimately
still on top of the
CLR and the CLR likes
things compiled. And even though
there's things like, you know,
methods, site caching, and all
sorts of optimizations to make
things fast, ultimately it's just
not structured appropriately for a
language that's so dynamic as,
as JavaScript is, is that
what is keeping you from
being as fast as, you
know, like a C-sharp or
as fast as Google Chrome
or something like that? Is
it just that the CLR
won't let you go that
fast? Or is it something
else We're about, I'd say
we're about a 10 times
slower than Google Chrome currently
there about like 10, 12,
13 town floor. And it's
like, there's going to be
a point where we can't
get any faster because like
the CLR, cause I mean,
like if you have hand,
hand optimized C or C
plus plus code will always
be faster than the equivalency
sharp code because of the
CLR, for example. And there
will be a point when
we hit that wall. I
think I'm expecting it to
be around three or four
times slower than Chrome, sort
of what I'm aiming at.
But right now it's like,
we just haven't had time
to do enough optimizations to
make it that fast. Like
all the optimization tricks that
Google Chrome uses are not
in place. And I, and
J is, so we lose
a lot of performance that
way. We're never going to
be assaulted. I'd say physically
impossible. Since the CLR does
more work per instruction than
the native code does. I
noticed that last, last month
you became faster than I
ate though. I mean, that's
pretty mind blowing. I mean,
that must dependence. I mean,
we did, you know, you
were close to getting that
fast or did you just
test it one day and
say, Oh, wow. Look at
that. I, I knew I
was going to be, I
ate. And I'm like, yeah,
like I've been like, I've
been building prototypes for different
types of features and optimizations
for like, as a side
project. Like my private R
and D is repository house
about 50 branches with different
optimizations to optimization tricks and
stuff in it. And I
knew I was going to
be fascinated. Eventually it was
just a matter of time.
So what we did was
we finished up the, the
0.2 release that basically completes
the ECMO 3.0 certification support.
And then me and John
gets Gibson. Who's helping me
on this. They decided to
start optimizing stuff. And just
basically I started implementing the
tricks that I already discovered
or learned from Chrome and
all ready to try it
out in one of my
development branches is putting them
over. Basically. I see. So,
so iron J has 0.2,
which came out recently was
really more of a correctness
release and not an optimization
release. Yeah, exactly. That's basically
ECMAScript trip 3.0, 2.0, support.
Yeah. Yeah. It's pretty amazing.
It looks like you've got
5,500 tests with over 30,000
assertions and are you passing
them all? Let's see her.
There's actually about 10,000 tests
now. Let's see, I have
that in front of me.
Let's see. Here we have
about 11,000 tests were failing
about 344 of them currently.
Wow. 11,000 tests. And you're
failing under 400 of them.
Yeah. About 350 96.8 pass
rate, if that matters. And
I think it's about 60,000
assertions or something. Wow. So
you think that someone could
totally use, even at 0.2,
they could start looking at
using this as a scripting
language within their existing application,
you would feel comfortable with
it. It's correct enough. Yeah.
I mean, it definitely like
if you're after the feature
set in terms of like,
you want it scripting language,
if you're not looking so
much for speed, a third
0.2 is perfectly suitable for
integrating into your platform of
choice. I mean, we're, we're
looking to get better. You
could easily call like JavaScript
stuff from.net and you can
also like expose classes and
functionality to JavaScript, but we
looking at a better we're
implementing right now, a better,
better way to get like
what we call a seamless
integration, which allows you to
basically pass any done that
object into JavaScript and then
call it like it was
a native JavaScript object or
whatever. That was my next
question. That seems really interesting.
It would be, do you
have any sample applications? It'd
be nice to see if
someone could kind of bring
this down with new, get,
you know, and I could
say, you know, file new
console application, install, package, I,
and JS make a couple
of dotnet objects, throw them
into JavaScript space and start
scripting against them with JavaScript
directly within, you know, 10
lines of code. Yeah. I
mean, we have, I mean,
the problem right now, not
so much a problem with
this, but yeah, we haven't,
I haven't had time to
build the, what I like,
like the integration, all the
DLR binders for the integration
for against CLR objects. But
once that's in place, it's
basically just going to be
passed out. They can call
whatever you want on it.
Then it'll work flawlessly. There
is a way like if
you need to, like, if
you need to use a
0.2 release and you actually
want to pass on an
object and, and call methods
on it, it is possible
today, but it's a bit
annoying because it requires a
bunch of codes to do
it because you need to
expose, expose it as a
native JavaScript object instead of
a CLR object to JavaScript.
So it's a bit annoying.
There's an example on how
to do it in the
Vicki on get hub, but
How, how large is this
project? And do you need,
do you need help? You
know, what would you tell
the community? Is it just
you and an, a couple
of friends or is it
just you who is involved
and how can people help
Basically? I mean, I've done
the bulk work. I'd say
about 90% myself, maybe a
bit less in March or
February of February. I think
a guy named John Gibson from
the States started submitting patches
to it. And after a
couple of days started working
together, he got access and
everything, and we've been running
the show together up to
this point to release and
LR. Basically it's two of
us, like if the community
wants to help the best
way is just to fork
the product and get hub,
make a call like changes
and send a polar request.
And then after like a
couple of good pull requests,
we'll just grant you access
to the main repo and
you can start hacking away
on the master branch. Very
cool. And that really is
the way that it should
be done these days with,
with things like get and
things like mercurial, just fork
it, work on it on
your own, do your thing,
and then say, Hey, look,
I did something interesting and
people will check it out.
Yeah. And it's, it's not
like we require some like
major like, Oh, add completely
new feature or something. We
just like a couple of
lines of fixes that are
like a couple of bucks,
fix his hair or something
and you'll get access and
can start wishing to the
main repo. So, I mean,
that's how John got, and
John got a start on
it. He, I think he
generated new unit tests or
something, which was exactly what
I needed the first moment.
I was just like, Oh
cool. And we started working
together. That's great. That's, that's
how it should work. I
think. Yeah. I mean, I
really liked the sort of
like, I mean, get up
and do what's called Bitbucket
and stuff like that. It's
sort of, it's sort of
like the social network, but
for programmers basically like yeah,
programmers, I think you'd have,
it is as important for
like programmers as Facebook is
for, I don't want to
say normal people, but people
who are not programmers like
that. Cool. Well, I appreciate
your sharing with us. It
looks like there's lots of
information about iron JS up
on iron js.wordpress.com and charts
and graphs. Also at the
GitHub repository, they can look,
bring the whole thing down
and get it running on
their own machines. We'll put
all of that together in
the show notes, as well
as a couple of interesting
articles from places like iwi
and Q about iron JS
and folks, you can probably
follow you on Twitter, I
assume. Yeah. That's my Twitter
handle. We'll link to that
as well. Thanks for the
time. This is really interesting.
I'm glad that people are
still going forward with the
DLR and iron this and
that, because I think that
there is, there is a
need for this stuff and
I hope Microsoft realizes it
one day. Yeah, I agree.
I mean, the DLR is
a great piece of software.
I said this before, but
it's probably the best library
I've ever used in my
whole life. That's a Testament
to how freaking good at
it. Very cool. All right.
This has been another episode
of Hansel minutes and we'll
see you again next week.